# php-language-programming
"ğ—£ğ—›ğ—£"  (ğ—£ğ—›ğ—£) is an interpreted, server-side programming language developed for web design, but it can also be used as a general-purpose language. As of January 2013, PHP has been installed on 244 million websites and 2.1 million web servers. This language was created in 1995 by Rasmus Lerdorf and is currently being developed by the PHP group. Originally, PHP was derived from the term Personal Home Page. But now this word is a recursive abbreviation of ğ—£ğ—›ğ—£: Hypertext Preprocessor meaning PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor.  PHP codes are interpreted by a web server that has PHP software installed on it. The commands of this language can be placed directly inside the HTML codes. From version 4.3 onwards, the PHP language added the ability to support the command line interface to its features. This feature can be used to create non-web software or software with a graphical user interface.  PHP is free software released under the PHP license. This license is not compatible with the GNU General Public License (GPL) because it places restrictions on the use of the PHP header. PHP can be installed on most web servers. It can also be installed as a separate shell on almost all operating systems and platforms. All these uses are free.  29% of the security problems published by the National Vulnerability Database in September 2013 are related to the PHP language. These problems are mostly caused by the lack of use of proper methods by programmers. And while the technical problems that exist in the PHP language itself are very few. (23 problems in 2008, less than 1% of problems) Given that programmers make many mistakes, it has been suggested many times to include features for detecting security errors in the PHP language to report these errors to the programmer. Although such tools are being developed for the PHP language, these proposals have so far been rejected and these tools have not been added to the language.
